#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
idna==3.6
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via nbsphinx
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
pytz==2024.1
    # via babel
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.1.2
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-prompt==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0rc1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
